README.md, before:

<!-- Improved compatibility of back to top link: See: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/pull/73 -->
<a id="readme-top"></a>
<!--
*** Thanks for checking out the Best-README-Template. If you have a suggestion
*** that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request
*** or simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
*** Don't forget to give the project a star!
*** Thanks again! Now go create something AMAZING! :D
-->



<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
<!--
*** I'm using markdown "reference style" links for readability.
*** Reference links are enclosed in brackets [ ] instead of parentheses ( ).
*** See the bottom of this document for the declaration of the reference variables
*** for contributors-url, forks-url, etc. This is an optional, concise syntax you may use.
*** https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links
-->
[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![LinkedIn][linkedin-shield]][linkedin-url]



<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/malloryjoy/hackedbynedry">
    <img src="logo.png" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

<h3 align="center">Hacked By Nedry</h3>

  <p align="center">
    Ah, ah, ah! You didn't say the magic word! 
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/malloryjoy/hackedbynedry"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/malloryjoy/hackedbynedry">View Demo</a>
    &middot;
    <a href="https://github.com/malloryjoy/hackedbynedry/issues/new?labels=bug&template=bug-report---.md">Report Bug</a>
    &middot;
    <a href="https://github.com/malloryjoy/hackedbynedry/issues/new?labels=enhancement&template=feature-request---.md">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>



<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#notes">Notes</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
    <li><a href="#acknowledgments">Acknowledgments</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>



<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

[![Product Name Screen Shot][product-screenshot]](https://example.com)

This project recreates the infamous "hacking" error sequence as seen in the iconic cinematic masterpiece <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RfiQYRn7fBg" target="_blank">Jurassic Park</a>.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



### Built With

* [![Java][Java.java]][Java-url]
* [![Python][Python.py]][Python-url]
* [![Angular][Angular.io]][Angular-url]
* [![HTML][HTML.io]][HTML-url]
* [![CSS][CSS.io]][CSS-url]


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>





<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->
## Usage

Try out different commands to turn the power back on in Jurassic Park. If you can. 


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- ROADMAP -->
## Roadmap

- [x] Create Basic Landing Page (HTML/CSS)
- [ ] Create input "loop" that will accept "key phrases" three times (Python)
- [ ] Create trigger feature that will unleash the chaos after loop completes (Python)
    - [ ] YOU DIDN'T SAY THE MAGIC WORD for 800 lines 
    - [ ] Open pop up with "honeypot" video
    - [ ] Add "Click to Repair" link and it's just opening an image that says "YOU DID IT!" over that one perfect shot from the first film
- [ ] Recreate steps 2 + 3 using Java
 


See the [open issues](https://github.com/github_username/repo_name/issues) for a full list of proposed features (and known issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>





<!-- NOTES -->
## Notes

Similar to my Charcuterie Board generator, it is my intention to showcase my understanding of both Java and Python with this project, allowing users to select which language they would like to use prior to demo-ing the project.  

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

Your Name - [@malloryjoycreates](https://instagram.com/malloryjoycreates) - malloryjoy13@gmail.com

Project Link: [GitHub](https://github.com/malloryjoy/hackedbynedry)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>





<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->
[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/malloryjoy/charcuterie.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/malloryjoy
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/github_username/repo_name.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/github_username/repo_name/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/github_username/repo_name.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/github_username/repo_name/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/github_username/repo_name.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/github_username/repo_name/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/github_username/repo_name.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/github_username/repo_name/blob/master/LICENSE.txt
[linkedin-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&colorB=555
[linkedin-url]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/malloryjoy/
[product-screenshot]: screenshot.png
[Java.java]: https://img.shields.io/badge/java-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=red
[Java-url]: https://www.java.com/en/
[Python.py]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-ff0000?style=for-the-badge&logo=Python&logoColor=black
[Python-url]: https://www.python.org/
[Angular.io]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Angular-DD0031?style=for-the-badge&logo=angular&logoColor=white
[Angular-url]: https://angular.io/
[HTML.io]: https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-black?logo=html5
[HTML-url]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML
[CSS.io]: https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-991ae8?style=for-the-badge&logo=CSS&logoColor=white
[CSS-url]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS

Commit message:

Convert project to React, update ReadMe

README.md, after:

<!-- Improved compatibility of back to top link: See: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/pull/73 -->
<a id="readme-top"></a>
<!--
*** Thanks for checking out the Best-README-Template. If you have a suggestion
*** that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request
*** or simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
*** Don't forget to give the project a star!
*** Thanks again! Now go create something AMAZING! :D
-->



<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
<!--
*** I'm using markdown "reference style" links for readability.
*** Reference links are enclosed in brackets [ ] instead of parentheses ( ).
*** See the bottom of this document for the declaration of the reference variables
*** for contributors-url, forks-url, etc. This is an optional, concise syntax you may use.
*** https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links
-->
[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![LinkedIn][linkedin-shield]][linkedin-url]



<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/malloryjoy/hackedbynedry">
    <img src="logo.png" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

<h3 align="center">Hacked By Nedry</h3>

  <p align="center">
    Ah, ah, ah! You didn't say the magic word! 
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/malloryjoy/hackedbynedry"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/malloryjoy/hackedbynedry">View Demo</a>
    &middot;
    <a href="https://github.com/malloryjoy/hackedbynedry/issues/new?labels=bug&template=bug-report---.md">Report Bug</a>
    &middot;
    <a href="https://github.com/malloryjoy/hackedbynedry/issues/new?labels=enhancement&template=feature-request---.md">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>



<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#notes">Notes</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
    <li><a href="#acknowledgments">Acknowledgments</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>



<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

[![Product Name Screen Shot][product-screenshot]](https://example.com)

This project recreates the infamous "hacking" error sequence as seen in the iconic cinematic masterpiece <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RfiQYRn7fBg" target="_blank">Jurassic Park</a>.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



### Built With


* [![Typescript][Typescript.io]][Typescript-url]
* [![React][React.io]][React-url]
* [![HTML][HTML.io]][HTML-url]
* [![Tailwind CSS][CSS.io]][CSS-url]


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>





<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->
## Usage

Try out different commands to turn the power back on in Jurassic Park. If you can. 


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- ROADMAP -->
## Roadmap

- [x] Create Basic Landing Page (HTML/Tailwind)
- [ ] Create input "loop" that will accept "key phrases" three times (React/Typescript)
- [ ] Create trigger feature that will unleash the chaos after loop completes (React/Typescript)
    - [ ] YOU DIDN'T SAY THE MAGIC WORD for 800 lines 
    - [ ] Open pop up with "honeypot" video
    - [ ] Add "Click to Repair" link and it's just opening an image that says "YOU DID IT!" over that one perfect shot from the first film

 


See the [open issues](https://github.com/malloryjoy/repo_name/issues) for a full list of proposed features (and known issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>





<!-- NOTES -->
## Notes

Ideally, this project will display the iconic "Magic Word" sequence from "Jurassic Park." 

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

Your Name - [@malloryjoycreates](https://instagram.com/malloryjoycreates) - malloryjoy13@gmail.com

Project Link: [GitHub](https://github.com/malloryjoy/hackedbynedry)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>





<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->
[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/malloryjoy/charcuterie.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/malloryjoy
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/github_username/repo_name.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/github_username/repo_name/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/github_username/repo_name.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/github_username/repo_name/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/github_username/repo_name.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/github_username/repo_name/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/github_username/repo_name.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/github_username/repo_name/blob/master/LICENSE.txt
[linkedin-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&colorB=555
[linkedin-url]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/malloryjoy/
[product-screenshot]: screenshot.png
[React.io]: https://img.shields.io/badge/React-ff0000?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=white
[React-URL]: https://react.dev/learn
[Typescript.io]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Typescript-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white
[Typescript-URL]: https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/
[HTML.io]: https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-ff0000?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white
[HTML-url]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML
[CSS.io]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwindcss&logoColor=white
[CSS-url]: https://tailwindcss.com/docs/installation/tailwind-cli
